feat: Introduce internal docu (#88)
kyma-project/kyma-metrics-collector: docs/contributor/releasing.md

# Releasing

## Release Process

> This release process covers the steps to release new major and minor versions for the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release process covers the steps to release new major and minor versions for the Kyma Metrics Collector.
```
Ignore this suggestion if the text must be standardized across all such docs
